In this video you're going to learn how to improve the performance of your campaign.
And the key way to do this is to really look at the reports and information inside of your odds manager
here.
When you log in now what you want to do is start asking some questions and digging into the reports
and pulling those valuable insights out of them.
So one place that you can really start is try to understand which assets or which is really drove the
results for your campaign.
So as you can see here I got nine real results or Lane clicks from my campaign which is not yet finished
but that was the objective of my campaign to get clicks to get clicks to Web site.
I can see that in total I got nine here what I want to understand is which of the onsets audience drove
those links clicks on which of the ads that I created drove those little clicks.
So to do that I can just come down two sets here.
And I was I only created one on set for the side all of them have been driven by this U.S. male 25 34.
But if you had a number of sets and hear different audiences different countries different genders etc.
you would see which set performed the best.
Coming then again I can look at which actually drove those results nine clicks in total all of them
were driven by this one.
And here even though I had tested two.
So the takeaway for me here is that this image performed a lot a lot better.
It delivered all of the results for this campaign.
So going forward if I decided to continue with this campaign I could kill this image or really test
some other images in there as well.
So that is a great place to get started in terms of looking at the results from the top level here and
your campaign start to look at which assets are which ads really drove those results.
Now if you want to dig deeper.
A great thing that you can come across to break down here and essentially you're trying to understand
the same thing get down then look at the reports and pinpoint what was the actual variables that drove
the result.
So for example if I click by delivery here I can see what age and gender really drove the results.
If I had those varied one in my answer I could see in terms of placement whether the Facebook news feed
Instagram News Feed the right hand column really drove those little clicks I can even see the time of
day for the viewers frame timeframe that really drove those results.
I can see those broken down.
So what all of that information what I'm trying to find is what really worked on for a future campaign
really refine it build in more of those factors and targeting options to really get better results next
time around.
You can go through these yourself and really even look at all of the different options here.
And if you want to clear them at any stage you can just click on clear all breakdance.
Now a key thing that you probably want to focus on is the cost per result.
That's what you're trying to reduce when you look at the outset and odds that that really worked.
And also that if it factors in the Breynton here but in terms of the cost per result.
In my case the cost per click.
There are other things that you can do to improve this and some of them are listed right here.
So what affects this metric are things like your auction bid target audience optimization type of creative
messaging and schedule.
So these are all things that you could test going forward in particular in my case what I might do is
instead of using and targeting an audience a cold audience using interest targeting I could start to
target people who've maybe already visited my web site who are on my email list and I'm probably going
to get much better results on a lower cost per result.
So that's a key takeaway for me.
I've tested this with a cold audience.
Maybe I can start to test it with a more warmer audience who are already familiar with my brand and
in general those type audience has to perform a lot better and result in a much lower cost per result.
So you know how to analyze your reports to improve the performance your odds go ahead and have a look
at them.
Following the exact same steps we've covered in this video.